Fix typo (#7)
tc39/proposal-modules-pragma: README.md

This syntax has no effect except to force a parsing error if a host environment attempts to parse it as a script.

> This is suboptimal for readability, since it does not clearly convey what its intended effect is. And it's also not applicable to the problem of enforcing that a source file is intended to be parsed as a module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is suboptimal for readability, since it does not clearly convey what its intended effect is. It is also not applicable for the solving the complementary problem of enforcing that a source file is intended to be parsed as `script`.
```
